	2024-06-06

	2024_06_Jun
	2024-06-06_Wetiko.txt

	WETIKO is a mental illness 
	WETIKO is cannibalism
	WETIKO is eauropean colonialism
	WETIKO is a book somewhere, RTFM spelling, CITE spelling,

	It probably stalks the documented predictions of Engels and Co.

	The English were the East_India_company
	The English were the foot soldiers of the East_India_company
	The English were the clarks seeking fortune from  East_India
	The company created income and ownership for itself
	The company helped independent others, 
	New school tie teamwork, post ARMY, expat WORKERS

	All EUROPE was in a colonialsm greed mode,
	the Pope declared Indigenous foreigners,
	as non-christians, (unless they converted),
	so non people, (and the lands initially empty)

	Portugal carved out Brazil for itself
	Spain carved out sourthern America for itself
	Dutch has places, New Ansterdam, compettition was fierce
	British had India

		Mumbai
		Bombay
		Bon Bahia
		# Portugese Bon Bahia pronounced Bom Bahia
		# Bahia means bay
		# That means portugese named that bay
		# so more twisted history, who, took what, from whom,

https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mumbai,+Maharashtra,+India/@19.032254,72.8074111,13.97z/data=!4m6!3m5!1s0x3be7c6306644edc1:0x5da4ed8f8d648c69!8m2!3d19.0759837!4d72.8776559!16zL20vMDR2bXA?entry=ttu

	Britain has North America

		Virginia named to flatter Queen Elizabeth 1

		a few states on the East coast
		not the dusty middle zone
		not the west green zone


	Slavery was rife, moving non people
	away from their native indigenous claim, stripped to zero
	British took away instruments and gods.
	Spanish left some music, and many Catholic saints, as ALIAS
	Expat whispered as much heritage as could remember
	
	Revolution was planned by secret societies

		the big names
		the big landowners club
		the ex_brit intelligence secret people
		who got very rich, along with their ruthless friends
		who still live in those Elizabethan oak panel rooms
		some families sign up, some get conscrpted
		some get core industry worker executive  status
		some get flat feet
	
	Still a tight war

		The English were ruthless, when wearing red coats, as police
		The control was tight, won from others, almost as tiight
		The control was tight, won from originals who never expected it

		The Americans needed every signle landowner, to join them.

		Every "vote" was a bunch of resources against them, or for them
		so each estate counted double.

		Each "Baron" risks losing everything, and death,
		by the British, or gain their estate, under the new regime.

		Each "Settler" already had their pitch of land.
		Each "Settler" already had their opportunity to trade.
		Each "Settler" had a dream of FREEDOM, LIBERTY, ETC
		That is a powerful theme. It worked for the French

		They had a propaganda, which them may even have believed
		themselves. Freedom, equality, ...

		The equality for all, was stated, and claimed,
		but the slavers were required, to make up the numbers.

		It would be all too easy, to side with the British,
		and get their future help with oppressing slaves

		To get them on the American side, they had to be allowed.
		The time-line is out there somewhere, but it is quite brief.
		Slavery stayed, for those plantation owners, who did fight,
		who did fund them, who did not sell them out.

		Secret societies are like that. You dont even need to meet up,
		each person just knows.

		Mafia border lines, etc.  working towards a common goal,
		gets most people there.

	Declared Victory

		Well the British abolished slavery.

		Conveniently, just as American Slavers were winning.
		Maybe it was a popular uprising, from an increasingly
		rich middle class, with family values, or maybe anything,
		you really need a historian here, let me know.

		Just as the British "bought" each slave, to release them,
		using some bizaare compensation scheme, along came
		"indenture", which looks a lot like apprentiship, but
		was actually slavery-lite. Supposedly for 7 years,
		but grumbling gets you an increased debt of servitude.

		As an indentured worker, your new place of work, provides
		you with exactly what you need to survive. The old slave
		quarters, and their diet.

	Expanding West - with railways

		The Indigenous along the railway path, were decimated,
		along with the towns that grew, fast and rich.

		Agricultural wealth was probably more back then,
		good crops would raise a lot of money, for modest
		farms, and particularly from oligarchs of the day.

		Big ranch families, can grow within their own borders,
		since they own entire valleys. Then as the nudge the
		neighbours, they grow a new politics. Some mafia, some not

		The railway was a recent invention [TIMELINE HERE],
		and it created an economic boom, arteries on top of
		the capillary system, previously setup by pioneers

		The southern states wanted to use their slavery tools,
		the northern states wanted those to stop, at least in new
		states. That underlines the reason for the Civil War.

		It may also have fed, off the military vibe of the Revolution.
		Get some historian in here right now!! It certainly led
		to total war. Scorched earth, in both directions.

		Who war was won by the industrial north, with their steam
		trains, factories, and plotters. The agricultural south
		made horseshoes out of the norths iron. They were knights on
		horseback, shooting the latest tech from the north.

		IMHO this was a wave from the words used in the declatarions.
		The manipulators got many strong soldiers,
		from their egaltarian propaganda. They carried momentum.

		IMHO that raised morals was still defeated, by manipulators
		who were still using dehumanising, to obtain settlements,
		residual from the colonialisation. They didn't want
		to five up their slaves, but they had to, to get people
		to work in their factories. People who commanded a wage,
		and various tokens of freedom. So that dehumanising
		slid sideways to any-indian, and submerged, buoyant racism.


	Long story

		The woke think thiey invented it all, but they
		stand on the shoulders of people who had backbone.

		IMHO this is some phase that we all have to go through,
		just as we have to avoid a panopticon dystoia,
		by it encoroaching everywhere. The manipulators
		are real, and often sucessful. If you dont see it,
		you are their poster child, employee of the month.

		(Except those hardworkers of the month, are doing thir best
		to raise a family, in the world we live in).

		IE some wave in a long list of waves, 
		Some raising morals
		Some erasing freedoms
		Some deviously doing both.





